= GMoney

A gem for interacting with the Google Finance API

== Install

  gem install gmoney
  
  or
  
  gem install jspradlin-gmoney --source http://gems.github.com
  
== Usage

Login
-----
  
    > GMoney::GFSession.login('google username', 'password')

Portfolios
--------

    > portfolios = GMoney::Portfolio.all #returns all of a users portfolios
    > portfolio = GMoney::Portfolio.find(9) #returns a specific portfolio
    
    > positions = portfolio.positions #returns an Array of the Positions held within a given portfolio
     
Positions    
--------

    > positions = GMoney::Position.find(9) #returns all of a users positions within a given portfolio, i.e. Portfolio "9"
    > position = GMoney::Position.find("9/NASDAQ:GOOG") #returns a specific position within a given portfolio
    
    > transactions = position.transactions #returns an Array of the Transactions within a given position

Transactions
--------

    > transactions = GMoney::Transaction.find("9/NASDAQ:GOOG") #returns all of a users transactions within a given position
    > transaction = GMoney::Transaction.find("9/NASDAQ:GOOG/2") #returns a specific transaction within a given position
    
----------

Options parameter

  
  The following methods:
    Portfolio.all
    Portfolio.find
    portfolio.positions #where portfolio is an instance of the Portfolio class

    Position.find
    position.transactions #where position is an instance of the Position class
    
    Transaction.find
   
  all take a hash as an optional last parameter.  Valid values for this hash are:

  * :returns - By default Google does not return a comprehensive list of returns data.  Set this parameter to true to access this information.
  * :refresh - GMoney caches the data returned from Google by default.  Set :refresh => true if you would like to get the latest data.
  * :eager - GMoney lazily loads children data (i.e. positions for a given Portfolio).  If you would like to load all of this data at once set :eager => true

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Justin Spradlin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
